Refactor library to use `λ where` (#809)
UniMath/agda-unimath: src/foundation/isolated-elements.lagda.md

open import foundation-core.coproduct-types
open import foundation-core.decidable-propositions
open import foundation-core.empty-types
open import foundation-core.equivalences
open import foundation-core.function-types
open import foundation-core.functoriality-dependent-pair-types
open import foundation-core.homotopies
open import foundation-core.injective-maps
open import foundation-core.propositions
open import foundation-core.sets
open import foundation-core.subtypes
open import foundation-core.transport-along-identifications
```

</details>

## Idea

An element `a : A` is considered to be **isolated** if `a ＝ x` is
[decidable](foundation.decidable-types.md) for any `x`.

## Definitions

### Isolated elements

```agda
is-isolated :
  {l1 : Level} {X : UU l1} (a : X) → UU l1
is-isolated {l1} {X} a = (x : X) → is-decidable (a ＝ x)

isolated-element :
  {l1 : Level} (X : UU l1) → UU l1
isolated-element X = Σ X is-isolated

module _
  {l : Level} {X : UU l} (x : isolated-element X)
  where

  element-isolated-element : X
  element-isolated-element = pr1 x

  is-isolated-isolated-element : is-isolated element-isolated-element
  is-isolated-isolated-element = pr2 x
```

> ### Complements of isolated points

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Complements of isolated elements
```

```agda
complement-isolated-element :
  {l1 : Level} (X : UU l1) → isolated-element X → UU l1
complement-isolated-element X x =
  Σ X (λ y → ¬ (element-isolated-element x ＝ y))
```

## Properties

> ### A element is decidable if and only if the constant map pointing at it is decidable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### An element is isolated if and only if the constant map pointing at it is decidable
```
